The characters arrived on the campus of Strixhaven with high spirits as they went through the orientation well, Rizard focusing on women he could use his charisma on, Kenny looking for food and Nero inquiring the other teachers in a friendly manner. The students, after going through a orientation scavenger hunt, learning about the school, make a few friends. Rizard befriends a drama club member and a sorceror, Quintellius Antiphius Melantor III, who is annoying to Rizard and he promises himself that he will fuck Quintellius's mom. Wedge befriends a dwarf barbarian girl, Greta Gorunn who forced him to go to the gym with her as she loves working out and loves her brother (weirdly) and likes Wedge because he looks like her brother. To end of the day the party go into a classroom to end of the day by doing some cleaning where they are attacked by the school's "first test", a couple of animated armors and another unplanned monster, a mimic and seemingly appeared out of nowhere. After defeating all the monsters, the students are greeted by the counselor, congratulating them on passing the test, but only Nero is able to clock that the mimic was not part of the test and has a tense discussion with the counselor. Nero also spots a weird black oily substance on the back of the mimic. Nero pays it no mind and continues. In the next few weeks, the first dueling session where students battle each other, showcasing their magical prowess. After a few weeks, the party faces a bunch of large frogs as a surprise in a safe cafe while enjoying their lunch break. After defeating them, the party discover a black substance and this time store it to analyze it further. During this time, Greta and Wedge grow closer together and also Nero also gets closer to his colleagues finding out that his target is unable to consume water and carries a purplish designed mask. Few more weeks pass, and the characters level up their abilities and go through a few more sessions of dueling until Halloween arrives. The characters decide to go through the haunted manor set up by the school as a "test of courage" event. Unbeknownst to them, Murgaxor has already unleashed a limit test to his experiments here. The characters alongisde Greta face a scary memory stealing slimy monster. During this fight, Greta watches Wedge fall unconsious which shakes her to the core and after the fight she finds it impossible to face Wedge without raging. The fight is tough, but the party come out of it with a few injuries. After the fight, Nero lashes out on the staff and their lack of knowledge towards the going ons of the school's problems and shows their lack in security as a monster slipped past them without any trace. While Nero is ranting he does notice a greenish figure move behind the manor. A lot of the blame from the Halloween event goes onto the Witherbloom College and its staff as they are the ones to monitor the Sedgemoor swamp and that is where the monster originated from. During this time, the characters also find that the Sedgemoor swamp is also experiencing record high water levels. In the following weeks, the characters take rest to recover from the near-death experience and also try to investigate upon the balck oily substance that was appearing repeatedly. From the machines of Quandrix college, the Wedge uncovered that the oil is an Alchemical mixture of blood, water, wood and had some warlock magic cast on it. Additionally, Nero tries to search the Witherbloom teacher directory for his target without any results but he does find an odd activity where a students name is missing in a class and it is in a class under S.A. Googenheim. During this time, Wedge alongside Nero initiate a W-edging club, a R&D club that is looking for funding. a few weeks later, christmas arrives and the characters are met with the travelling market that arrives at the campus where the characters are able to spend their money at. During this time, Nero acquires an extremely intelligent assistant named Muhammad and also Wedge confronts Greta as Greta reveals that she got scared and she thinks she was unable to protect Wedge so she needs to get stronger to never see Wedge in a difficult state ever again . Here, Rizard also meets Quintellius's mother, Seraphina who is a divorced teacher at Prismari for pottery. Seraphina and Rizard hit it off pretty well as their evening lasts a while and Rizard makes her laugh quite a lot. However, Rizard uncovers suspicous Warlock sigils behind the walls of her room as he investigates a little indicating a secret life but is cut off short as he has to leave her room. The party also meets another handsome young half elf teacher named Shulak Googenheim (Grandson of S.A. Googeheim) who is excited to join the W-edging club and is charmed by Wedge's ambition.